Yo, I don’t rap so millions of people will like me I rap ‘cause there’s millions of people just like me.
I wish you'd just love me back.
Why do I feel like I lost something that I never had?
I'd rather be alone, I'm not good in crowds.
I'm paralyzed. Where are my feelings? I no longer feel things.
The only person I judge is the one in the mirror.
Most of my life’s full of regrets, things I wanna take back.
I got too much on my mind I guess I don’t know how to face it.
You don’t like me? That makes two of us.
She used to laugh, but now she’s crying, sick of the pain. She puts on her mask, pretends, and she acts like she’s okay.
I want to know what it’s like to be happy. I want to know what it’s like to wake up in the morning and feel like it’s real when I’m laughing. I want to know what it’s like to sit down with my friends and feel like they might understand me.
Whoever told you that life would be easy, I promise that person was lying to you.
You spend your life in a dream that you can’t escape. You live your life in a coma, you’re never awake.
I want to know what it’s like to sit down with my friends and feel like they might understand me.
What's the point of having guns if you can't aim? What's the point of having blood with no veins? What's the point of having love with no pain?
Maybe someday I can learn to be happy.
Nothing to me is ever good enough. I could be working for twenty-four hours a day and think I never did enough.
Ask me how I'm doing, I'll say okay. But ain't that what we all say?
I know the person in the mirror’s not a perfect one. I look at him everyday and think he’s not enough.
Me without you doesn’t make any sense. I know I’m intense and controlling, but you need to learn how to cope with it.
I had a lot that was bottled inside, couldn't express it. And this pain won't leave, I can feel the depression. It's taking over my body, feels like I'm always stressing. Doctor told me I should sleep,but I'm always restless.
You only get one life, but every time you looking at yours you feel like all you ever see are mistakes.
Getting sick of people telling me to smile more.
Is it me or the fear talking?
I’m in a hotel rapping, crying on the floor of the bathroom staring in the mirror my room, hands shaking.
I’ve never been married, but I’ve felt divorced.
Wake up every morning thinking I’mma have a bad day.
I ain’t good at shaking hands but I’m good at holding grudges.
Don’t tell me you’re fine. Cause I know you’re not, so don’t even try.
You feel like even though you got everything in the world, you got nothing.
Most of my life’s full of regrets. Things I wanna take back.
Boys say she’s beautiful but that don’t really mean a thing if she don’t believe it.
My mind is a home I’m trapped in and it’s lonely inside this mansion.
I act like I’m fine. My heart is falling apart.
The only person I judge is the one in the mirror.
I just wanna be alone right now, I don’t really wanna think at all.
I’m scared to live but I’m scared to die.
People think they know her, but they don’t really have a clue.
There’s so much that goes on in my head that people will never see.
Yeah, if you made a list of people that you trusted would you put your name down?
You don't like it? Then deal with it.
If God ain't real—real isn't.
Makin' you cry makes me feel like a bad person.
Making you sad makes me feel like a bad person.
I just wanna run away find somewhere that feels safe.
Where I don't have to run away from my flaws and I don't have to be afraid of my thoughts this high, this high that I've been chasing.